 Which one of the following is an Imperative Language?
1.	HTML
2.	CSS
3.	Java Script

Answer:  Java Script 

2. Which one of the following is a Declarative Language?

1.	HTML
2.	CSS
3.	Java Script

Answer:   CSS

3. Name two uses of a DIV tag?

Answer:    . Name two uses of a DIV tag  are)

(1):   DIV tag is Block level tag.
(2):   It is a generic container tag.

4. What is the difference between relative positioning and absolute positioning in HTML?

Answer:(Relative positioning)
The  element  is positioned relative to its normal position.	

(Absolute positioning)
The  element  is positioned absolutely to its first positioned parent.

5. What is the use of opacity in CSS?

Answer:    The opacity use in CSS property sets the opacity of an element. Opacity is the degree to which content behind an element is hidden, and is the opposite of transparency.
Applies to: all elements
Computed value: The same as the specified values after clipping  the to the ranges of CSS.

6. Which is the programming language used in the React Native Framework?

Answer:  Java Script is the programming language used in the React Native Framework.


7. Which online editor are we using for creating our apps in React Native Framework?

Answer:  . Visual Studio Code 
It is the most used IDE for React Native development, and it works across all 
platforms (like Windows, Mac, and Linux).

8. Write the steps to test your first designed app in the online editor on mobile.

Answer: The basic points that you need to consider while strategizing your mobile app testing efforts are 
1.	Selection of the device.
2.	Documentation Testing.
3.	Functional testing.
4.	Usability Testing.
5.	UI (User Interface) testing.
6.	Compatibility (Configuration) testing.
7.	Performance testing.
8.	Security testing.

9.	What is the use of the render function in React Native Framework?

Answer:  Render function in React Native Framework are)
 The purpose of the function is to display the specified HTML code inside the specified HTML element. In the render() method, we can read props and state and return our JSX code to the root component of our app.

10. What is the use of the return function in the React Native Framework?

Answer: Render function in React Native Framework)
He render method returns a description of what the DOM should look like, and then React efficiently updates the real DOM to match." Render is that what exactly you want to trigger multiple times. Return is that which u want to Display.


11. What are the various components in your first app that you designed?

Answer: Mobile app architecture is designed in three main layers within an application, which include a: Presentation Layer. Business Layer. Data Access Layer.


                                                                                THANK  YOU
                                                                                 X,Y,Z

